Docs updates (#2081)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/control-structures.rst

=============================== ===========================================================

``if`` statements
=================

The ``if`` statement is a control flow construct used for conditional execution:

.. code-block:: python

    if CONDITION:
        ...

``CONDITION`` is a boolean or boolean operation. The boolean is evaluated left-to-right, one expression at a time, until the condition is found to be true or false.  If true, the logic in the body of the ``if`` statement is executed.

Note that unlike Python, Vyper does not allow implicit conversion from non-boolean types within the condition of an ``if`` statement. ``if 1: pass`` will fail to compile with a type mismatch.

You can also include ``elif`` and ``else`` statements, to add more conditional statements and a body that executes when the conditionals are false:

.. code-block:: python

    if CONDITION:
        ...
    elif OTHER_CONDITION:
        ...
    else:
        ...

``for`` loops
=============

The ``for`` statement is a control flow construct used to iterate over a value:

.. code-block:: python

    for i in <ITERABLE>:
        ...

> The iterated value can be an array, or generated from the builtin ``range`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iterated value can be a static array, or generated from the builtin ``range`` function.
```

I mean, we can probably iterate over a dynamic array, eventually.... because we know max size!

Array Iteration
---------------

You can use ``for`` to iterate through the values of any array variable:

.. code-block:: python

    foo: int128[3] = [4, 23, 42]
    for i in foo:
        ...

In the above, example, the loop executes three times with ``i`` assigned the values of ``4``, ``23``, and then ``42``.

You can also iterate over a literal array, as long as a common type can be determined for each item in the array:

.. code-block:: python

    for i in [4, 23, 42]:
        ...

Some restrictions:

> * You cannot iterate over a multi-dimensional array.  ``i`` must always be a base type.

Reviewer: We can probably eventually relax this to simply being "sized"
